feat: add APIs, commands and tests for syntax-highlighting in the REPL (#2291)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/repl/README.md

-   **outputPrompt**: output prompt. If the output prompt includes the character sequence `%d`, the output prompt includes line numbers. Default: `'Out[%d]: '`.
-   **welcome**: welcome message.
-   **padding**: number of empty lines between consecutive commands. Default: `1`.

> -   **themes**: table mapping of color themes to load for syntax highlighting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **themes**: table containing color themes for syntax highlighting.
```

Reviewer: "load" is an overloaded term and often used to mean loading from disk. Would be good to avoid this ambiguity.

-   **autoDeletePairs**: boolean indicating whether to automatically delete adjacent matching brackets, parentheses, and quotes. Default: `true`.
-   **autoPage**: boolean indicating whether to automatically page return values having a display size exceeding the visible screen. When streams are TTY, the default is `true`; otherwise, the default is `false`.
-   **completionPreviews**: boolean indicating whether to display completion previews for auto-completion. When streams are TTY, the default is `true`; otherwise, the default is `false`.

> -   **syntaxHighlighting**: boolean indicating whether to enable syntax highlighting of the input. When streams are TTY, the default is `true`; otherwise, the default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **syntaxHighlighting**: boolean indicating whether to enable syntax highlighting of entered input expressions. When streams are TTY, the default is `true`; otherwise, the default is `false`.
```

> -   **theme**: initial color theme for syntax highlighting. Default: `default`.

Reviewer: @Snehil-Shah I thought the plan was to rename to something other than "default"?

Author: @kgryte I'll do that in the next PR where I'll add more built-in themes

Reviewer: Not clear why we should wait. And as a matter of principle, changing the name from 'default' to something else in a future PR is effectively a "breaking change", as user code previously using "default" as the name would no longer work. As such, I think it makes more sense to rename in this PR and it should be a trivial amount of work to do so.

> -   **defaultTheme**: default theme for syntax highlighting. Default: `default`.

Reviewer: Now looking at this, having `theme` AND `defaultTheme` doesn't seem necessary. The default theme should be whatever `theme` is set to. In which case, I think we can remove the `defaultTheme` option and setting. Sorry, I think I advocated for this originally, but I now consider this non-ideal.

repl.close();
```

#### REPL.prototype.themes()

Returns a list of all available themes for syntax highlighting.

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Fetch all available themes:
var themes = repl.themes();
// returns [...]

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> #### REPL.prototype.getTheme()

Reviewer: @Snehil-Shah The method signatures are still missing parameters for these methods.

Returns a theme's color palette for syntax highlighting.

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Add a user-defined theme:
repl.addTheme( 'myTheme', {
    'keyword': 'red'
});

// Get a theme's color palette:
var theme = repl.getTheme( 'myTheme' );
// returns { 'keyword': 'red' }

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

#### REPL.prototype.addTheme()

Adds a syntax highlighting theme.

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Add a user-defined theme:
repl.addTheme( 'myTheme', {
    'keyword': 'red',
    'variable': 'green'

    // ...
});

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> The syntax-highlighter supports the following tokens and ANSI color names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax-highlighter supports the following tokens and associated theme fields:
```

> -   **keyword**: keywords. eg: `var`, `function`, `let`, `const`, `in`, `class` etc.
> -   **control**: control flow keywords. eg: `if`, `else`, `try`, `catch`, `return` etc.
> -   **specialIdentifier**: special identifiers. eg: `this`, `super` etc.
> -   **string**: string and template literals.
> -   **number**: numeric literals.
> -   **literal**: reserved literals. eg: `true`, `false`, `null`, `undefined` etc.
> -   **regexp**: regular expressions.
> -   **command**: built-in REPL commands.
> -   **function**: function identifiers.
> -   **object**: object identifiers.
> -   **variable**: literal identifiers.
> -   **name**: variable names.
> -   **comment**: line comments.
> -   **punctuation**: punctuation symbols. eg: `;`, `[`, `{`, `,`, `?` etc.
> -   **operator**: operator symbols. eg: `+`, `-`, `*`, `=`, `++`, `>=`, `&&` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **keyword**: keywords (e.g., `var`, `function`, `let`, `const`, `in`, and `class`).
-   **control**: control flow keywords (e.g., `if`, `else`, `try`, `catch`, and `return`).
-   **specialIdentifier**: special identifiers (e.g., `this` and `super`).
-   **string**: string and template literals.
-   **number**: numeric literals.
-   **literal**: reserved literals (e.g., `true`, `false`, `null`, and `undefined`).
-   **regexp**: regular expressions.
-   **command**: built-in REPL commands.
-   **function**: function identifiers.
-   **object**: object identifiers.
-   **variable**: literal identifiers.
-   **name**: variable names.
-   **comment**: line comments.
-   **punctuation**: punctuation symbols (e.g., `;`, `[`, `{`, `,`, and `?`).
-   **operator**: operator symbols (e.g., `+`, `-`, `*`, `=`, `++`, `>=`, and `&&`).
```

repl.close();
```

#### Repl.prototype.themes()

> Returns all available themes in the syntax-highlighter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of all available themes for syntax highlighting.
```

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Fetch all available themes:

> repl.themes();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var themes = repl.themes();
// returns [...]
```

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> #### Repl.prototype.getTheme()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### REPL.prototype.getTheme()
```

The constructor is all caps here and elsewhere.

> Returns a theme's color palette from the syntax-highlighter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a theme's color palette for syntax highlighting.
```

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Fetch all available themes:

> repl.themes();

Reviewer: This should be updated. This example should showcase `getTheme`, not `themes`.

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> #### Repl.prototype.addTheme()

Reviewer: This signature is not correct.

Reviewer: The constructor is all caps.

> Adds a color theme to the syntax-highlighter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a syntax highlighting theme.
```

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Add a user-defined theme:
repl.addTheme( 'myTheme', {
    'keyword': 'red',
    'variable': 'green'

    // ...
});

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> 

Reviewer: We should describe here what a theme is comprised of. I.e., what keys are supported? You show `keyword` and `variable`, but what else?

Reviewer: I suggest adding a list, along with a description of each field.

> #### Repl.prototype.deleteTheme()

Reviewer: Constructor name. Incorrect signature.

Deletes a specified theme from the syntax-highlighter.

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

> // ...

Reviewer: This example is incomplete. First add the theme `myTheme` and then later on delete it. Otherwise, `myTheme` lacks context.

Reviewer: I would also expect `deleteTheme` to error if provided a non-existent theme name.

// Delete an existing theme:
repl.deleteTheme( 'myTheme' );

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> #### Repl.prototype.renameTheme()

Reviewer: Constructor name and signature.

Renames a specified theme in the syntax-highlighter.

```javascript
var debug = require( '@stdlib/streams/node/debug-sink' );

// Create a new REPL:
var repl = new REPL({
    'output': debug()
});

// ...

// Rename an existing theme:

> repl.renameTheme( 'myTheme', 'yourTheme' );

Reviewer: Same comment. The example is incomplete. First add `myTheme` and then rename.

// ...

// Close the REPL:
repl.close();
```

> 

Reviewer: You also need to document REPL commands. See https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/96e896a39be08912b2e06dfb6b671ec13d042412/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/repl#commands.
